gh-91744: Add semi-stable C API tier (#91789)
python/cpython: Include/README.rst

The Python C API
================

The C API is divided into these sections:

1. ``Include/``: Limited API
2. ``Include/cpython/``: CPython implementation details

> 3. ``Include/semi-stable/``: API that can change between minor releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. ``Include/semistable/``: API that can change between minor releases
```

Actual filenames in this PR don't have hyphen
